init documentation for `ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.cookiechange_event` (#30933)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/serviceworkerglobalscope/cookiechange_event/index.md

---
title: "ServiceWorkerGlobalScope: cookiechange event"
short-title: cookiechange
slug: Web/API/ServiceWorkerGlobalScope/cookiechange_event
page-type: web-api-event
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.cookiechange_event
---

{{APIRef("Cookie Store API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`cookiechange`** event of the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope")}} interface is fired when any cookie changes occurs which match the service worker's cookie change subscription list.

Author: ```suggestion
The **`cookiechange`** event of the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope")}} interface is fired when any cookie changes occur which match the service worker's cookie change subscription list.
```

> The **`cookiechange`** event of the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope")}} interface is fired when any cookie changes occur which match the service worker's cookie change subscription list.
> 
> This event is not cancelable and does not bubble.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`cookiechange`** event of the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope")}} interface is fired when a cookie change occurs that matches the service worker's cookie change subscription list.

This event is not cancelable and does not bubble.
```

> The **`cookiechange`** event of the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope")}} interface is fired when any cookie changes occurs which match the service worker's cookie change subscription list added via {{domxref("CookieStoreManager.subscribe()")}}.

Author: ```suggestion
The **`cookiechange`** event of the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope")}} interface is fired when any cookie changes occurs which match the service worker's cookie change subscription list.
```
